README.txt

1)  Disclaimer
2)  About artigos
3)  Requirements
4)  Installation
5)  Contact the author
6)  Copyrights


1) Disclaimer

This software is provided "as-is", without any kind of warranty either implied 
or expressed.  By installing and/or using this software, you agree that the 
author, and/or any other person or groups connected to it, will not be made or 
held liable for any kind of loss or damage resulting from its use or misuse.

2) About artigos

artigos is a module written for the XOOPS v2 content management system (CMS). 
I started using Xoops at version release 2.0.3, and generally prefer it over 
other CMS that I have tried. The only thing that I felt let it, and other CMS,
down was the "Sections" module - I basially disliked the way it worked and not
being able to list the "Sections" as text and not only as icons.

I also tried a couple of other solutions, but they to didn't do what I want,
were still very buggy, or just not very user intuitive.

So I decided to write my own, which I hope you will find useful.

3) Requirements

The artigos module requires the following:

  o A web server running PHP version 4.1.0 or later.
  o XOOPS-JP 2.0.6 or later (it should work from version 2.0.3, but has not been 
    tested with it.)
  o MySQL 3.23.5* - it should work on all mySQL 3.23.* versions, and in theory,
    should work on mySQL v4 - but again, this has not been tested.

4) Installation

Please see the INSTALL.txt text file.

5) Contact the author

You can contact Andrew Mills at ajmills@the-crescent.net.  Please only use this
address to contact me regarding the artigos module - send anything Xoops 
related to the Xoops people or community at http://www.xoops.org . If you send
it to me, I will ignore it.

6) Copyrights

All original code and content is Copyright © 2003 Andrew Mills. While I have 
been coding PHP for a while, I have not done much in the way of OO programming,
etc., and Xoops' documentation for writing modules is also sadly lacking at 
present, this means I have used some small snippets of code for examples from 
other modules, I acknowledge them for their hard work.

Feel free to modify and use this code in your own projects - all I ask is that
you don't pass off whole sections of it as your own work, and give me some 
credit for it :). Oh, it would also be nice if you send me any additions or
errata to the artigos code that you make. 

